# Store-Management-System
1.	CheckoutController.java: The checkout controller file is the backend responsible for the checkout screen which helps the user add a product they want to buy and save the product they ordered to the database. I added a save Order method that works with a getOrderRows method I added to my DataAdapter file to save the order that a user is buying into the database.
2.	CheckoutScreen.java: The Checkout Screen file is the front-end for the customer checkout page. This is where all the buttons were made and the size of text, buttons, etc. were specified to make the UI more satisfiable.  
3.	DataServer.java: This is the implementation of a server that listens for client requests and handles them by creating a new thread for each client. It is responsible for receiving and processing data from the clients and sending back a response.
4.	LoginController.java: This is the backend for our login page responsible for getting the correct username and password for either the Seller which I have saved as ‘admin’ or buyer which I have saved as ‘adam’ in my data base and making sure it is recognized by the system.
5.	LoginScreen.java: This is the front end for the login controller which is what the user sees before logging into the application, it is responsible for making the parameters for the user to input their username and password before entering the application.
6.	MainApp.java: This is the file that launches my Store Manager system and starts the system by calling the getLoginScreen() method and returns the JFrame object to represent the login screen of the system. By using the setVisible(true) method, it sets the JFrame object to be visible to the user of the application. which presents the login screen of the system to the user.
7.	OrderLineModel.java: This file represents the order line for in the system which is created when an order is placed by a customer. 
8.	orderModel.java: This represents an order in the store management system with is properties and order lines. It also initializes the orderModel class as an empty list so orderLineModel objects to it as necessary.
9.	ProductController.java: This is the backend responsible for the product view that allows the seller to input a product that they have in their inventory save it into the system so a buyer can purchase that item using the product ID that entered by the seller.
10.	ProductModel.java: This represents a model for a product in the store management system and contains four fields that represent the properties of a product.
11.	ProductView.java: This is the front end that is responsible for making the buttons and boxes for a seller to input product details into the system.
12.	RemoteDataAdapter.java: This implements the DataAccess interface and provides methods for connection to a server and sending requests for product, user, and order information to the database and populates all the tables within it.
13.	RequestModel.java: This class handles the requests made within the system and has a bunch of public constants that represent the types of requests that are being made.
14.	RespnseModel.java: This class represents a response object that is sent by a server to a client in response to a request. It contains three static integer variables that represent the possible response codes that the server sends to the client.
15.	SQLiteDataAdapter.java: This also implements the DataAccess interface and provides methods for connecting to the database which stores and retrieves order, products and information about those products and orders.
16.	StoreManager.java: This class manages and represents the several components of a store application and maintains a single instance of itself throughout the application. It also provides access to all the controller classes that handle the user interaction with the screen classes.
17.	UserModel.java: This class represents a user in the system and represents the properties of a user in the system such as user ID, username, password and an IsSeller value to indicate if a user is a seller or not.
